feat: add clarification of macOS patches in Support-Tiers (#20007)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Support-Tiers.md

For Tier 1 support, Homebrew on macOS must be all of:

- running on official Apple hardware (e.g. not a "Hackintosh" or VM)

> - running the latest patch of a version of macOS supported by Apple on that hardware

Reviewer: @carlocab That's my reading and I'd be 👍🏻 on that.

Not huge on the wording though, I think something like: 
```suggestion
- running the latest version (i.e. matching major/minor/patch version) of macOS supported by Apple on that hardware
```

> - running the latest patch of a version of macOS supported by Apple on that hardware

Author: That was the idea, I shied away from using "version" because it might be misconstrued as "only latest macOS" versus "only latest patch in your macOS channel"

> - running the latest patch of a version of macOS supported by Apple on that hardware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- running the latest patch release of a macOS version supported by Apple on that hardware
```
how about that?
